c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\LucecitasArduino.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\LucecitasArduino.pdb
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\LucecitasArduino.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\My Project\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\LucecitasArduino_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\obj\Debug\App.g.i.vb
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.vb
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\obj\Debug\LucecitasArduino.g.resources
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\obj\Debug\LucecitasArduino.AppResources.resources
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\obj\Debug\LucecitasArduino.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\obj\Debug\LucecitasArduino.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\obj\Debug\LucecitasArduino.xml
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\obj\Debug\LucecitasArduino.pdb
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LucecitasArduino\LucecitasArduino\obj\Debug\LucecitasArduino.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
